So let's dive right in and
start talking about data.
The kinds of data that
Rigou was talking about.
The kinds of data that you as
a consumer might be creating.
The kinds of data that you as a manager
might be using in order to make
statements about how well
your business is doing.
So just imagine,
let's just take one consumer.
Imagine that the consumer is seeing
some ads over here, here, and here,
maybe she's getting some direct
mail,or maybe email from the company.
She's getting messages and
offers here, here, and here.
And maybe she's making purchases.
So she buys something over here,
here, and here.
And maybe she returns one
of these products as well.
Or maybe she has contacts
with customer service.
Or maybe she's engaged in social media and
she's posting ratings and reviews, or
interacting with other friends
about this product or service.
So you start to a sense of the wealth
of data that becomes available.
And again Rigou did a nice job of talking
of both some of these individual metrics.
As well as the different kind
of marketing activities,
competitive information, you might want to
put on top of that macro economic data,
there's all kinds of factors out
there that we might be tracking.
And that might have some influence on the
kinds of behavior that people are doing.
Well, what are you gonna
wanna do with that data?
Well, besides trying to just
draw inferences from it.
So just tell me how much stuff I sold.
Tell me what my market share is.
Tell me how many promotions I ran,
and how many things I sold
during those promotions.
All of that stuff is great.
But if you notice as I'm talking
about it I'm gesturing over here.
Cuz what's over here?
That's the past, right?
And it's great to be able to summarize
data, and it's great to be able
to draw insights from the data that
you have, but that's not enough.
If you wanna run your
business most effectively,
if you really wanna take full advantage
of the kinds of analytics that, well,
that's why you're taking this course.
We want to be over here.
Right?
We want to be making some
predictions about the future,
and that's the hard part.
So that's where I want to talk about
different kinds of predictions that we
might want to make.
So again,
it might be how many purchases this
person is going to make in the future.
It might be is this person going to churn?
Are they going to drop their
subscription with us or not?
And while a lit of these things might
sound just wildly different from each
other, as I said before, we can break them
down into basically two kinds of buckets.
And so for so
many times when we're making predictions,
we wanna make predictions about
a fixed period in the future.
So we might wanna know,
in the next month or
in the next year,
how many purchases will this person make?
Or how many products will they evaluate,
or how many products will they return?
So we're gonna take a fixed period of time
and we wanna make statements about it.
And likewise it might not only be
questions about how many purchases or
returns or whatever people are doing.
We might want to make
statements about whether or
not someone's going to do
something of interest.
Will they make a purchase?
Will they drop their contract?
Okay so,
there's different kinds of decisions, but
it's all taking place
within that fixed period.
Now, I'm going hand things back to.
So, he's going talk about some simple,
popular, but very powerful techniques.
So he's gonna let us answer some of
those questions about how many things
might take place, or whether or
not certain activies might take place.
So we're gonna cut to Rigou, we're gonna
hear him talk about some of those models,
then we're gonna come back and I'm gonna
talk about an entirely different framework
based on the very same kind of data.
But to be able to ask and
answer questions about when,
how long, beyond one single period.